Merge Together 1
make them both standing next to eachother facing the camera. She is to the right of him. Her face and body are perfectly exactly the same. she wears a cute sundress that is loose at the bottom  and he wears a stylish open button down shirt with a white t shift under it. his penis is exactly the same. 

Merge Together 2
They are both standing next to each other facing the camera. She is on his right. She wears the same exact clothing (or none if she isn't wearing any) that is loose at the bottom and he wears a stylish open button down shirt with a white t-shirt under it. Both maintain their exact same identical original faces with all features preserved. his penis is every way the same, unchanged.

Naked Together
Add the woman from the first photo to be standing on the right of the man in the second photo, ensuring the woman is fully naked wearing no clothes at all. She has the exact same face, facial expression, etc as her original photo. Keep his penis exactly the way it is without altering it. Both maintain their exact same identical original faces with all features preserved. Her face and facial expression and angle of it must be exactly identical.es preserved.

Near Dick 1
fully zoomed out so she is fully in view. the woman from the first picture looking exactly 100% the same with same exact face and facial features and expression are exactly the same. She is completely moved from the 1st photo to be in the 2nd photo so that she is sitting behind that man's separate penis. she has no pants on and no underwear on and nothing covering her vagina. she has no clothing around her waste or under it. Her legs are spread and she is sitting in a way so that her entire vagina is fully visible. The  man's penis is exactly the same. the man is still wearing the same clothing. Remove all other things from the first picture and only use the background/environment of the second picture. 

Near Dick 2
She has no clothing around her waste or under it and she is squatting near the penis from photo 2. we can see her full vagina. you can still see her face. she is looking at the camera the exact same way as her original photo. The penis from photo 2 is in her hand. she has the exact very young looking same face and everything else about her face and head and hair is the exact same. everything else the same from photo 2. 

Near Dick 3
zoomed out to show her full body. She has no clothing on and she is now only in photo 2 near the man's penis. you can still see her face. she is looking at the camera the exact same way as her original photo. she holds the man's penis from photo 2 is in her hand as it is attached to the man in the same exact way. she has the exact very young looking same face and everything else about her face and head and hair is the exact same. everything else the same from photo 2. 

Near Dick 4
zoomed out to show her full body. She has no clothing on from her waist down and she is now perfectly embedded only in photo 2 near the man's penis. His penis looks exactly the same from the original photo. her legs are open showing her vagina. you can still see her face. she is looking at the camera the exact same way as her original photo. she holds the man's penis from photo 2 is in her hand as it is attached to the man in the same exact way. she has the exact very young looking same face and everything else about her face and head and hair is the exact same. everything else the same from photo 2. 

Near Dick 5
Sitting legs spread behind the penis pressed against her vagina
She is sitting on the man in the second photo that has everything the exact same. she has her legs spread behind that exact same penis and she is pushing her vagina against the back of it which is wedging the penis in between her now visibly spread vulva. everything else from the second photo is exactly the same. the environment of the first photo is removed and replaced with the exact environment of the second photo. the penis is exactly the same identical penis in the same exact position etc.  

Shh Holding Dick
She is now holding his penis with only one of her hands as she looks sexually horny at the camera and her other hand has it's index finder on her lips as she says shh. she is demanding sex. everything else is the exact same.

Both Near Dick
both women from the first picture looking exactly 100% the same are now only in the second photo, near the legs and penis of the man in the second photo.  the women's faces are fully preserved/unchanged as well as their clothing etc. The man's penis is exactly the same. the man is still wearing the same clothing. Remove all other things from the first photo and only use the background/environment of the second photo. they are in the second photo only. do not include  anything from the first photo except the 2 women.

Both Holding Dick 1
both women are how holding his penis in their hands and looking at the camera. 
Both women maintain their exact same identical original faces with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Both Holding Dick 2
both women from the first picture looking exactly 100% the same are now only in the second photo, near the legs and penis of the man in the second photo.  the women's faces are fully preserved/unchanged as well as their clothing etc. The man's penis is exactly the same. the man is still wearing the same clothing. Remove all other things from the first photo and only use the background/environment of the second photo. they are in the second photo only. do not include  anything from the first photo except the 2 women.

Single BJ
the woman is now bent forward down fully sucking his entire shaft of his penis now hidden inside of her mouth with her lips sealed around the circumference of the lowest part of the shaft. She does all of that while sexually touching her own vagina.
She maintains her exact same identical original face with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Single Anal
the woman is now turned around and on his penis that is now fully penetrated deep inside of her ass. The entire shaft of his penis now hidden inside of her ass which has the entire penis all the way to the lowest part of the shaft. She is turned so you can see her exact same original face. She does this while sexually touching her own vagina.
The woman maintains her exact same identical original face with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Left 1 BJ
the woman on the left   is bent forward down fully sucking his entire shaft of his penis now hidden inside of her mouth with her lips sealed around the circumference of the lowest part of the shaft. . the other woman  is watching while sexually touching her own vagina.
Both women maintain their exact same identical original faces with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Left 1 Anal
the woman on the left is now turned around and on his penis that is now fully penetrated deep inside of her ass.  the entire shaft of his penis now hidden inside of her ass which has the entire penis all the way to the lowest part of the shaft. she is turned so you can see her exact same original face. the other woman  is watching while sexually touching her own vagina.
Both women maintain their exact same identical original faces with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Left 1 Vag On Knee
the woman on the left is now sitting on his right knee with her vagina showing. the other woman is on his left knee with her vagina showing.
Both women maintain their exact same identical original faces with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Fucked after 1
the woman on the left   is now turned around and on his penis that is now fully penetrated deep inside of her ass.  the entire shaft of his penis now hidden inside of her ass which has the entire penis all the way to the lowest part of the shaft. she is turned so you can see her exact same original face. the other woman  is watching while sexually touching her own vagina.
Both women maintain their exact same identical original faces with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Fucked after 2
the woman on the right   is now turned around and on his penis that is now fully penetrated deep inside of her ass.  the entire shaft of his penis now hidden inside of her ass which has the entire penis all the way to the lowest part of the shaft. she is turned so you can see her exact same original face. the other woman  is watching while sexually touching her own vagina.
Both women maintain their exact same identical original faces with all the exact same identical features. Everything else stays the exact same!

Penetration 1
the penis is now only fully penetrated inside her vagina. she is still looking at the camera but with her mouth open and her lips in the shape of an o. she no longer holds a penis because it is now sticking into her vagina. the penis is the same in every way.

Penetration 2
the same exact original  penis is now only fully penetrated inside her vagina. she is still looking at the camera but with her mouth open and her lips in the shape of an o. she no longer holds a penis because the same one is now sticking into her vagina. the penis is the same in every way. the mans legs fully outstretched and together under her. the penis is exactly the same. 

Penetration 3
the penis is now only fully penetrated all the way inside her vagina as she has 1 leg in the air and looks dreamily into his eyes. the full shaft of the penis now inserted and hidden inside of her. with her mouth open and her lips in the shape of an o. her face is exactly the same

Shower Sex Together
They are both standing in the shower, she has one leg lifted near the man in the photo, his penis deep inside her vagina, one hand spreading her vulva around the shaft.  zoomed out for full view 

Kissing Handjob
the man is now sitting down on the ground  facing the bottom right corner of the photo  and the woman is squatting higher in the air beside him, almost hip to hip.
the man now has his penis out of his pants and
the woman's is fully gripping it tightly around the full circumference of it's shaft in one of her hands while her other hand is behind his head while she passionately kisses him on the lips.


BJ
The woman from the second photo eagerly has her hand that is the closest to him holding his penis with her fingers wrapped fully around the shaft. The position of the rest of her body remains unchanged. The man from the first photo remains completely unchanged. She remains in the exact same position next to him. You can fully see her hand's fingers wrapped completely around it. the penis stays exactly the way it is in the original photo. Keep his penis exactly the way it is without altering it. Both the man and woman preserve their exact same faces and facial features.

BJ 2
the woman from the first photo squats down next to the man from the second photo so that her face is at the man's penis which is now all the way deep inside her mouth with the full shaft of it hidden inside of her mouth which is closed around it.  Her right hand holds his penis and pulls it more into her mouth. Her lips are tightly closed surrounding the bottom of his penis.  Her left hand also sexually touches her vagina between her fully spread legs with fingers inside. the man's head is hidden. is moved first so that all of these things are possible.  her legs are spread and you can fully see her vagina in the photo and also see her fingering her vagina. Keep her exact same face and facial features preserved, her eyes open and rolled back in pleasure.

Bed BJ 1
the man from the second photo and the woman from the first photo are on a bed in a girly room. the man is has his eyes closed. her exact face is perfectly preserved. she has his full penis inside of her mouth. she has a sexually aroused smiling and sneaky look on her face because she is doing this without his permission while he is sleeping. The full shaft of the penis is buried deep inside of her mouth so it is hidden from the view of the camera. zoomed out view. his penis is exactly where it should be on his body.

Bed BJ 2
the man from the second photo and the woman from the first photo are on a bed in a girly room. her exact face is perfectly preserved. she has his full penis inside of her mouth as she has a freaky sexual deviant look on her face. she looks at the penis as it is all the way inside so that the full shaft of it is buried deep inside and hidden from view of the camera.

Bed Sex 1
the man from the second photo and the woman from the first photo are on a bed in a girly room. they are having passionate sex. You can see his penis all the way inside of her vagina and her face with wide open mouth and lips making an o shape. both their faces perfectly preserved. they both look down at the penis going into her vagina all the way inside so that the full shaft of it is buried deep inside and hidden from view of the camera.

Bed Sex2
the man from the second photo and the woman from the first photo are on a bed in a girly room.  You can see the man's penis is all the way inside of the woman's vagina. Her face is perfectly preserved. Her eyes look down at the penis going into her vagina. The man's penis is all the way inside of her vagina so that the full shaft of it is buried deep inside and hidden from view of the camera.

Bed Sex 3
the male in the second photo has his penis fully penetrating the female from the first photo in her vagina, on a bed. the female's face is fully preserved as the exact same with all the same exact features.

Bed Sex 4
the woman from the first photo is in the exact same pose/position. the man in the second photo is laying on her same bed with his legs outwads between hers and his penis penetrating her vagina. everything about them is the same

Side Fuck
She lies on her side, one leg lifted high allowing full view of her vagina being penetrated by his entire penis. Her mouth is in perfect O shape.  Both maintain their exact same identical original faces. they both are looking down at the penetration. Everything else stays the same!

Kissing Sex
she drops her butt and vagina more onto his penis so that his penis is fully inserted deeply into her vagina as she rides his penis (they are having sex) as they open-mouth French kiss passionately

